Plot : "Love Rain" depicts a 1970's pure love and a love from the present day ...   1970's -   In-Ha (Jang Keun-Suk) is a university student majoring in art. In-Ha and his friends Dong-Wook (Kim Shi-Hoo), a medical student, and Chang-Mo (Seo In-Guk), a law student, are popular at school, especially with women. In-Ha, Dong-Wook and Chang-Mo also enjoy playing the guitar and singing together. ..   One day, In-Ha passes female student Yoon-Hee (Yoona) on campus. It takes no more than 3 seconds for In-Ha to fall in love with Yoon-Hee. He later sees Yoon-Hee sitting on a bench, while painting. In-Ha begins to paint her portrait, but the next moment she is gone. In-Ha runs out to find her and, in his excitement, bumps into Yoon-Hee. Yoon-Hee drops what she is holding. In-Ha helps to pick her stuff up, but doesn't say anything to her. After she leaves, In-Ha discovers a small notebook that she left behind. The notebook is her diary. At night, In-Ha opens up the diary and reads a page. He learns that Yoon-Hee's parents died and she loves the American film "Love Story." He then closes shut the diary. The next day, In-Ha waits for her outside a campus building to return her diary. When he turns around and is about leave, Yoon-Hee appears and asks In-Ha if he has seen her notebook. In-Ha doesn't speak up in time and misses returning her diary. In-Ha then reads more from her diary, this time from front to back multiple times. ..   On a rainy day, In-Ha sees Yoon-Hee standing in front of building without an umbrella. In-Ha offers to walk her with his umbrella. As they walk together they feel a bond. A date is set to meet the following Sunday to watch the movie "Love Story". ..   Later, Dong-Wook takes In-Ha and Chang-Mo to a get-together at a restaurant. Dong-Wook asks In-Ha and Chang-Mo to help him get closer to Yoon-Hee. Dong-Wook met Yoon-Hee the day before and also fell in love with her. She reminds him of his late mother. Because of this, Dong-Wook had asked his friend Hye-Jung (Son Eun-Seo) to bring Yoon-Hee to the get-together at the restaurant. ...   Present Day -   At a train station in Hokkaido, Japan, Joon (Jang Keun-Suk) and Ha-Na (Yoona) bump into each other. Ha-Na's cellphone falls into Joon's pocket without either person noticing. Joon is a photographer and a playboy. He came to Hokkaido for a photo shoot. Ha-Na is a student studying in Hokkaido and about to depart back to South Korea. ..   Later, Joon hears an odd cellphone ringtone. Joon then realizes that he has someone else's cellphone in his pocket. Meanwhile, Ha-Na goes to a shooting site to retrieve her cellphone, but Joon isn't there. Because of Joon's constantly changing schedule, Ha-Na's misses him three separate times. Finally, Ha-Na goes to Joon's hotel. After waiting until past midnight in the hotel lobby for Joon, Ha-Na decides to go into Joon's hotel room to retrieve her cellphone. Nobody is in the room and the door is unlocked. Ha-Na finds her cellphone, but suddenly Joon and a model walk through the door ...
