Plot : Set in the Joseon Dynasty period, a female ghost (Shin Min-A), who was murdered, appears in front of a government official (Lee Joon-Gi) and pleads for the man to punish her murderer. The government official then attempts to appease her wishes.   ....    Eun-Oh (Lee Joon-Gi) is one of the few who can see and hear ghosts. He heads for Miryang where he last saw his mother. His mother has being missing for 10 years. While walking with his servant (Kwon Oh-Jung), Eun-Oh sees a ghost named Arang (Shin Min-A) being chased by ghost hunter Moo-Young (Han Jung-Soo). Eun-Oh pretends to not see them, as this is his usual routine when he comes across ghosts. Arang is able to get away from Moo-Young the ghost hunter by throwing peach blossom petals at him. ..   Meanwhile, it begins to rain heavily. Eun-Oh and his servant comes across a small abandoned shack and go inside for shelter. While Eun-Oh sits in front of a fire, he sees the door of the shack open. The ghost Arang comes inside and sits next to Eun-Oh. Arang begins to mutter to herself and then takes off her soaking wet dress. She then notices Eun-Oh glance towards her. Arang wonders to herself if Eun-Oh is able to see her and begins to prod him for a reaction. Eun-Oh freezes and pretends he is looking past her. He then goes to lie down on the floor and pretends to be sleep. Arang lies down next to him. ..   The next morning Arang is gone. When Eun-Oh and Dol-Soe get to Miryang, Joo-Wal (Yeon Woo-Jin) and his father Choi pass by. Choi is a nobleman and the most powerful person in Miryang. While Eun-Oh is on the way to see the woman who saw his mother last, a bunch of ghosts appear in front of him and asks him for a favor. Eun-Oh turns down their request. Meanwhile, Arang, who is sitting atop a nearby roof, sees Eun-Oh talking to the ghosts and is now sure that he can see and hear ghosts. ..   When Eun-Oh turns around, Arang is standing in front of him. She asks Eun-Oh to find out her name, but Eun-Oh refuses. He tells her to go to government office and ask a magistrate. Arang asks him that if he becomes a magistrate would he accepts her request? Eun-Oh says yes to appease her, but he has no desire to become a magistrate. ..   Arang then puts in place a plan to make Eun-Oh a magistrate. She goes to shaman Bang-Wool (Hwang Bo-Ra), who later tells public officers in Miryang to kidnap Eun-Oh and make him the magistrate. Eun-Oh is then forcible taken by public officers and bound in the magistrate room. Arang stand in front of him again and asks him to find out her name. Eun-Oh again refuses. ..   Arang goes back to Bang-Wool for advice. Shaman Bang-Wool tells her that if she makes herself attractive, Eun-Oh will accept her request. While they work to make Arang more attractive, Moo-Young the ghost huner appears. Arang then flees from the area. Eun-Oh, who is standing nearby, notices a "binyeo" (Korean traditional hairpin) that Arang is wearing. The binyeo is identical to the one he gave to his mother. Suddenly, Eun-Oh goes after Arang, who is being chased by Moo-Young the ghost hunter.   ... .. ... 2012 MBC Drama Awards  ..(December 30, 2012)..  .. Best Couple Award  ◾ Award Winner: Lee Joon-Gi & Shin Min-A ("Arang and the Magistrate")
